css-color-4 & css-color-5 (#70)
csstools/postcss-plugins: plugins/postcss-lab-function/README.md

postcssLabFunction({ preserve: true })
```

```pcss
.color {
	color: lab(40% 56.6 39);
}

/* becomes */

.color {
	color: rgb(179, 35, 35);
	color: color(display-p3 0.64331 0.19245 0.16771);
	color: lab(40% 56.6 39);
}
```

### enableProgressiveCustomProperties

The `enableProgressiveCustomProperties` option determines whether the original notation
is wrapped with `@supports` when used in Custom Properties. By default, it is enabled.

> ⚠️ Only disabled this when you set `preserve` to `false` or if you bring your own fix for Custom Properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ We only recommend disabling this when you set `preserve` to `false` or if you bring your own fix for Custom Properties. See what the plugin does in its [README](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/tree/main/plugins/postcss-progressive-custom-properties#readme).
```
